Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610
My commander did it.
The Nukhba guy. he said
there's someone else here.
Maher Zaitoun.
He murdered them.
You're right.
Question him first.
Israelis?
- Could be.
Abu Zaher. should I be worried?
Maher. we're from Gaza.
we were born worried.
Phone on the floor
and hands forward.
You're not Hamas?
- Yes. I worked with Hamas.
but as an accountant. not a fighter.
I take it you don't love her.
I'll talk. but not in front of her.
A Shin Bet agent.
I'm inside. deep inside.
in all of Hamas's affairs.
Call my handler.
How are you. Maher?
Maher?
Maher!
This doesn't feel good to me at all.
Send the people
from the Paris branch over there.
I'm thinking of going there myself.
I don't care
what he gives the Shin Bet.
If he touched Hagit and the children.
he needs to die.
Amira.
- Doron?
Did this dog kill
Eli's family?
Did he touch her or not?
He didn't touch her.
It's not him.
Can you tell me
what they talked about?
I'm trying to understand the motive.
I told you
the motive and you didn't listen to me.
Nothing indicates
that he did anything wrong.
I want you to bring him back to me.
It's time you did your
job.
Talk to me like that one more time.
and I'll arrest you
and all your friends from "Yuma."
Yalla. get out.
Tell your angry friend
that I didn't kill his wife.
I just fucked her grandmother
and then I slaughtered the bitch.
Doron. no!
Gabi.
- Talk.
I'm in trouble.
I need an extraction.
Talk.
The thing with Eli got complicated.
We have to get out of here.
Understood.
Okay. clear out of the apartment immediately.
I'll try to arrange
a friend's gallery for you.
In the meantime. don't talk to anyone.
don't do anything.
don't accidentally try
to go to the airport.
There's a chance your names and faces
are circulating in the system.
And Doron. stay reachable.
A tiny bit of stress
and there goes the diet.
I told you. it was predictable.
That's who he is.
Tell me. do you have anything smart to say
or are you just into
showing that you're right?
Keep an eye on things here
and stay reachable.
You're flying there? - Of course.
I'm coming with you. - Yeah right.
I want to help.
And who'll run the recruitment
and the development team. my dear?
Liah.
can I count on you?
Okay. now you're just being insulting.
Taking offense is a choice. my dear.
Doron. - Eli. I'm 10 minutes away
from you. Check that the street's clear. - Wait.
There are two guys here.
They look suspicious.
Wait for us at the back entrance
of the building. - Okay.
Pack up quick. I'm coming.
Yalla. let's move.
Did it go okay?
What?
Change of plans.
Dana? She screwed us?
Talk. bro. What?
You took him out?
"God of vengeance. Lord."
Thanks. bro.
Yes? - Naama.
- I got the update.
Why didn't you take
the security guards with you?
He asked to meet alone.
And what would they have done.
revived a corpse?
He was already dead
when I got to him.
This is quite an intelligence blow. Dana.
especially at the stage we're at.
I'll fix it.
- How will you fix it?
We have no idea
who even killed him and why.
It's possible that any moment
they set out.
Okay. give me
a few days. okay?
I'll find out what happened here
and we'll go from there.
I want you to update me
on every little thing. you understand me?
And I'm connecting you with the French.
They have questions for us.
And Dana. I need you to internalize
that diplomacy is also part of the story.
Screw this world.
Your bag. please.
Come here. please.
Ms. Marciano?
It's all fine.
she's coming to me.
Okay. it's fine.
Mr. Bruno. nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
I apologize that we're meeting here
and not over lunch.
but time is short. and in Tel Aviv you have
the same fish. right?
Actually. I want to taste
your famous bouillabaisse.
Right?
- Yes. bouillabaisse.
I hope to do it tomorrow.
- I hope so too.
Are you up to date?
Yes. two Gazans. Hamas background.
and a passerby who happened to be there.
And you suspect it's
a cell of Israelis.
No. we don't suspect.
we know.
At least four killers.
Minus one...
This is Salem al-Heib.
an Israeli Bedouin.
He arrived a few days ago.
He's a suspect in the restaurant incident.
the murder of Naji. the passerby.
and the assault on Iyad Dahduh.
I want everything. military background.
connections. everything.
Do you have more information?
Not right now.
I assume you know
the Gazans better.
If you have additional information.
we'd be glad to receive it.
Okay.
I'll check everything and get back to you. okay?
Ms. Marciano.
I have 200 thousand Muslims
furious over the murders in the city.
Three killers
still walking around free.
fluent Arabic speakers.
with military training.
and I need to stop them
before they strike again.
And when I catch them. they'll pay.
Of course.
We're in this together.
Good.
The murder of Maher Zaitoun
is the third murder in Marseille
in three days.
It started on Tuesday
when Iyad Dahduh and Naji al-Nasser
were murdered in a restaurant in the Belsunce neighborhood.
- Dogs.
The name of the second victim who was at the scene
at the time of the murder has not yet been released.
You know what they're saying there?
They still have no suspects.
The police stated
that the investigation is ongoing.
but according to unofficial sources...
Bro. you're choking me with the cigarette.
Go. sweetie. - Sons of bitches.
And we're sitting here
like sitting ducks. waiting.
Goddammit.
We have to get out of here.
No one has claimed responsibility for the murders.
Who's that?
It's Dad.
- Oh. it's Dad?
Goddamn these French people.
Every place is just stairs.
It's not so bad. move a little.
Won't hurt you.
You move a little
so I don't hurt you. you piece of crap.
What's gotten into you?
Have you completely gone off the rails?
Where's Clint?
- In the room for a few hours now. Probably sleeping.
It's me.
Did you miss me?
I missed you.
Let it go. let it go.
- Give me. give me a second.
"A red dress and open eyes.
A guy with no shirt.
with a tattoo on his shoulder.
Bleeding tin walls."
Let it go.
The thing is. I can't really let it go
because someone summoned me
urgently to Marseille
after he sprayed a collaborator
in front of the eyes of a division head
whom we happen to know.
What?
What did this son of a bitch tell you
that made you go wild like that?
It's not just what he said.
it's the smile he had
on his face.
That's Hagit.
Suddenly everything went black for me
and the curtain came down over my face.
I lost control.
All I wanted to do
was kill that son of a bitch.
Doron.
love of my heart.
what you did is the most natural.
most logical. most human thing possible.
The fact that you feel bad about it.
that's what's not good about it.
Gabi. you...
Get up. wash your face.
freshen up.
We have a meeting.
What meeting? - A meeting.
We need to arrange an extraction
out of here for you as fast as possible.
Yes. Anne.
I just want to see him.
- Anne. please.
It's better you remember him
as he was. - Please.
Please. just one last time.
Just two minutes.
Please.
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
I can't believe Karim is dead.
He was a good guy.
True. May God give strength to his mother.
You promised me.
You were supposed to protect him.
Yes.
What happened?
They're preparing the funeral now.
Watch over your people.
Gather everyone.
from today everyone sleeps at the center.
Mattresses on the floor
and at the highest alert.
We need to go out
and set the streets on fire.
Abu Zaher.
Sheikh. people are talking
and thinking we're afraid.
They could harm us.
Let them talk.
We'll act at the right time.
Abu Zaher.
the time of revenge is approaching.
Ahlan. Amira.
How are you?
Where's the star? - Checking the area is clear
and that he has an escape route.
Look.
you both have grievances.
You're both right. you're both wrong.
The most important thing is to get you
out of here as fast as possible.
before there's chaos here.
Tell me. you bitch.
why did you lie to us. huh?
You even dare
to open your mouth?
Be thankful I'm not arresting you
for treason. - Treason?
I'm treason?
I recruited and ran
that son of a bitch
who you know what he did to Hagit.
right? Huh?
Every single bullet. he deserved.
Doron's right.
Hagit. the children.
We're family. Dana.
Too much time in high-tech. huh?
You forgot what the work looks like. apparently.
The bigger the scum. the deeper the shit.
Remember that line? It's yours.
You taught me.
Tell me. what do you think all
these Nukhba guys are doing here. huh?
They're planning the next mega-attack.
That's what they're doing.
Here. in Marseille?
In Israel.
Have you heard of Said al-Khatib?
The Sinwar of Europe?
That guy is building here
a military terror apparatus
that will continue the attack
of October 7th.
Here they only recruit the operatives
and Maher. that son of a bitch.
he was my source from the inside.
My key
to stopping this in time. and you...
Anyway. it's none of your business.
I'll stay here. I'll try to fix
the damage you did
while you'll be
in your warm bed at home.
That's what you came to ask for. no?
Is there a way we can
fix this? - You? No.
You've done enough damage.
Focus on packing. you're going back
to Israel.
Yes. Amiram?
I went over all the information
related to Maher.
and I found something interesting. - Okay.
As you know. he was in charge
of all the money that came into "Yuma"
and before he died. he withdrew
all the money from their accounts.
I'm talking about 450 thousand euros
spread across five banks in Europe.
Are you sure?
- A hundred percent sure.
I don't know what it means.
where they moved the money.
There's a chance it was even withdrawn in cash.
They're planning to leave.
- What?
That's why they took out the money.
They're going operational.
Goddammit.
Okay. thanks for the update.
Talk to me if there's anything else.
okay? - All right.
Goddammit.
Yes? - Gabi.
We need to talk.
Who are they? - Who's that?
Do you know? - No.
Hello. Anne.
I have to ask everyone to leave.
my apologies.
Go. I'll call you later.
Said al-Khatib.
I want to talk to you privately.
if that's okay with you.
Seems you've already decided.
I have no choice.
The young guys in Khan Yunis.
That's where we met.
It was before I left Algiers.
He was like a cat. the bastard.
He was a daredevil goalkeeper.
He'd dive into the feet
of the Rafah strikers.
And they were total frauds.
Half the team had beards. and they were
registered on their papers as 12-year-olds.
You still don't know who I am?
No. and I don't think you knew Maher.
because he hated soccer.
What did he tell you about his life in Gaza?
What do you want?
Where's your phone?
Here. why?
Because I'll tell you things I don't
want others to hear by accident.
Give it to me.
Karem.
Okay.
let's talk from the beginning.
I came to express my sincere condolences.
I knew your husband well.
Maybe he stopped loving soccer.
but his love for the homeland
remained as it was.
Maher was a distinguished commander.
He fought like a bold lion
for Al-Aqsa.
He led his men with courage.
He was resolute on the battlefield.
He killed many soldiers with his own hands.
During the invasion of Gaza.
he wanted to help his family escape
from there.
He was badly wounded. but we managed
to get him treatment in Turkey.
But yesterday the enemy brought him down.
Maher was a hero of Palestine.
a martyr.
and his will is to continue
the resistance.
Now I'll go back to the beginning.
Did he talk to you about me?
No.
I knew he worked with Hamas.
that he lost his family in Gaza.
that he was wounded.
But now I'm discovering
a whole world I didn't know.
And now that you know...
I love him even more.
A heart of gold and a sword of silver.
That's how we'll all remember him.
I talked to Dana.
You have a chance to fix
the damage you did.
But for that you do
a total reset for the system.
No more personal accounts.
purely operational.
Hamas runs a community center here
called "Yuma."
It's a known method.
They set up an innocent nonprofit.
recruit people. money. lots of money.
The real goal is. of course. terror.
On top. a cream cake.
and underneath. a wasps' nest.
This is the asset.
We received information that Maher emptied
the organization's bank accounts.
The meaning - they're probably about
to go operational soon.
Our mission is to gather intelligence
and understand if this suspicion is correct.
But this is an off-grid operation.
which means if you screw up.
the Shin Bet doesn't commit
to taking responsibility for you.
If the local intelligence services
catch you.
that means at least 20 years in prison.
surrounded by more Arabs
than in Jenin.
We'll take the risk.
Ayoub. we talk only to you.
Not with Dana and no one else.
That's also the agreement with Dana.
All our latest indications
show
that they're planning a terror attack.
Something big.
Hello?
Doron?
Hi. - Whoa.
you just scared me.
What's going on?
- Everything's fine. everything's fine.
What? Are you coming back?
I might be delayed a bit.
I'm not... - What? Why?
I made a mistake here.
What mistake?
What mistake. Doron? Come on.
Come on. talk already.
You're killing me.
What happened? Is Eli okay?
- Eli's fine.
So then why aren't you coming back?
Come on. Doron.
Great.
What a great way to take care of yourself.
Tell me. why are you doing this
to me. huh? Huh?
I'm telling you I can't
come back.
Why? Because if I come back.
everything falls apart!
I can't come back!
I can't!
Gali. Gali.
Sorry.
Sorry. I'm sor...
Gali.
Fuck.
Consider it a gesture. to
maintain the good relations between us.
We checked the list
of all the Israelis
who entered here in recent days.
We identified him by his tattoo.
Herzl Pinto. Israeli.
His profile is completely clean.
That means he's connected
to the Israeli special forces.
like the Bedouin.
Is that all you're bringing me?
No. I'm giving you a photo
that I'm not allowed to give you. with details.
He looks like any Arab
who paints houses in the neighborhood.
The Israelis are here and they're killing
my people as if we're in Ramallah
and you bring me a blurry photo.
I think you've lost your mind.
- No. you've lost your mind.
Here's the situation. you owe me.
I made you a hero.
I built your career
and now. when I need you.
you spit in my face.
Worse. you let me
do the work in your place.
As far as I'm concerned.
the agreement between us is canceled.
- What does that mean?
It means I no longer owe
you explanations. It's over.
Burning bridges won't help me.
but it certainly won't help you either.
I remind you that I can dismantle
your center in a moment.
Calm your people down.
Tell them we're doing everything
to catch the killers
and it'll happen very soon.
I'll try.
But they don't always listen to me.
This is our target. Issam Shabana.
"Abu Zaher."
The man is known as the number 2
of Said al-Khatib. the head of the snake.
Issam Shabana. dear to us.
was the deputy commander of the Rafah brigade
on October 7th.
He managed to flee to Sinai
before the IDF entered
and joined the terror infrastructure
here in Marseille.
You need to capture him alive.
Today there's going to be
a large demonstration in the city center.
This is our chance to catch him.
If we reach him.
there's a chance we'll also reach al-Khatib.
All the Western intelligence agencies
want to get their hands on this scumbag.
Where to?
Where?
Rami. let her in.
Abu Zaher doesn't move alone.
Two scumbags are always
attached to him. Armed.
Both were released in the last deal.
Dogs with blood on their hands.
Hassan al-Nasiri. a Palestinian from Gaza.
Active in "Yuma" and an enthusiastic supporter.
And this pretty boy. Ala Sleimani.
a Palestinian from the West Bank.
They're glued to him 24/7.
Anne.
Hi.
- I'm glad to see you here.
Tonight we'll give your husband
the honor he deserves.
and it's a great privilege
that you joined us. - Thank you.
I just want to warn you.
the march could get complicated.
Do you need me to assign someone to you?
- No. it's fine.
Are you sure?
- Yes. yes. - Okay.
You'll need this.
There'll be smoke.
Thank you.
Everything's ready.
Excuse me.
No smoking here.
because of the Molotov cocktails.
My brothers!
Tonight is a sad night
and the rage is immense.
The enemy entered our home
like a coward and he's still out there.
What are the police doing?
Nothing.
What is the state doing?
Nothing!
- Nothing!
We demand justice for Iyad and Maher.
Call your children.
call your loved ones.
call them.
let them flood the country.
Everyone who hates Zionism.
everyone who has a Palestinian heart.
let them go out to the street and shout.
Tonight we are all one hand.
To remind everyone. absolutely everyone.
who the city belongs to.
One last thing. the police here
are not the Israeli police.
They have a special unit for dispersing
demonstrations. They don't come to play.
They hate the protesters
more than you do.
Every time they break up a protest.
it's God-help-us.
Brains spilled on the asphalt.
eyes rolling in the street.
Watch yourselves. It's no joke.
Make no mistake.
we're not in Provence.
we're in the heart of the resistance.
Let's go. guys! Allahu Akbar!
Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge!
Tension in the city of Marseille
the day after the deaths
of three Palestinian civilians.
a large demonstration is expected tonight.
The security forces...
Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge!
Revenge! Revenge! - Revenge!
Ayoub. I have eyes on Abu
Zaher. Eyes on Abu Zaher.
Steve. wait until we're ready for the grab.
- Copy.
Revenge. revenge. revenge!
Justice. justice! - Justice!
Allahu Akbar! - Revenge! Revenge!
- Revenge! Revenge!
Let's go.
Throw the tear gas.
Allahu Akbar!
Come on. set it ablaze!
More tear gas!
Talk to me. what's going on there?
- It's getting out of control.
More tear gas!
He's escaping.
- The package is escaping.
We're after him.
Steve. come with the car.
We're going to grab him.
Goddammit.
The street's blocked from both directions.
I'm stuck and can't get out.
Shoot.
According to the information we have.
violent clashes broke out at the demonstrations...
- Doron?
Doron.
Amir. come.
Come.
Don't move.
- Come on. come on.
Everyone over here!
Yalla.
Abort.
abort the pickup.
How are you?
I'm okay.
Steve. do you hear me?
I hear you. go ahead.
We have the package.
We're on Saint-Germain street. ready.
Abort the pickup.
I don't have the vehicle.
On my way to you on foot.
The police are here. run. quick.
- The police are here!
Don't move. Stop. sir.
ID. please.
Steve.
Stop. turn to the wall.
- Okay. okay. okay.
Okay. calm down.
Calm down.
How are you?
- I'm okay. I'm okay.
I'm okay.
- Hold on tight.
Hold on tight.
- Be well. thanks.
His friends. his friends.
What happened?
- Do you know him?
Come with us. Abu Zaher.
Come.
Well done. friends.
- Feel better.
Goddammit. - Where is he?
Steve. answer me.
Steve!
Gabi. I think they arrested Steve.
Are you sure the police arrested him?
- I don't know. I lost him.
He got rid of the earpiece.
- He knows what to do when out of contact.
Goddammit. - Okay. pack up and get
home. - Just watch your left. bro.
Salaam alaikum. friends.
- Greetings. how are you?
I'm looking for you.
I wanted to thank you again.
Sorry about the shirt.
They say blood doesn't come out in the wash.
No. it does.
Hot water and soap.
The main thing is I see you healthy
and whole. habibi. Praise be to God.
You have a Jordanian accent.
- No. Palestinian from Balata.
Near Nablus. You know it?
Of course.
Abu Zaher from Rafah.
Amir Mahajna and Ali Masrawi.
Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you.
- The honor is mine.
Are you new in France?
A month. something like that.
May I offer you a ride home?
No. thank you. habibi. Thanks.
Thanks to you I'm going to sleep
on a clean bed.
not on a bed full of bedbugs.
Wallah. thank you. Abu Zaher.
We live not far from here.
Really. there's no need.
Not only did you save my life.
you're also treating me kindly.
Please. get in.
I want to have a quick word with you.
face to face.
Open.
Yalla. - Okay.
Get them out.
Get out.
Hey. hey. what's with you?
What is this?
What's your story?
Are you working with the Jews? Huh?
Answer me!
Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610